**10/11/2024 9:30~10:05pm discord**

Attendance: Ahmad, Andy, Harsh, Kevin

Notes taken by: Kevin

**Discussion:**
- on track to finish all of the design document by 10/12 midnight
- a new list of FRs for SRS
SRS:
- move section 1.4 to the end of the document
- new FRs with full table
- update UI after the new version is done on design doc
- when updating FRs, say what you want to work on in group chat so there is no overlap
- next meeting on Tuesday changed to 5:30pm due to break.


**Action Items:**
- **Harsh**: finish updating the database design by Saturday midnight
- **Andy**: Finish use cases and class diagram by Saturday midnight. can ask Kevin or Harsh for help.
- **Ahmad**: Finish API and performance sections of design doc, and the creation and rough assignment of the design presentation by Saturday midnight. can ask Kevin or Harsh for help.
- **Kevin**: Finish fixing sequence diagram formatting, and add dummy elements to the settings subpages.

**Next steps:**
- @everyone Have SRS updated and submitted by Monday midnight
- @everyone Have the presentation slides drafted by Tuesday before meeting
**Next meeting:**
Updates on SRS and design specifications, and discuss next steps in terms of milestone/prototype2 and test plan document. Meeting at 5:30pm instead of 9:30pm.
